
1.8.5

o remove unused variables from Fortran code (thanks to Kurt Hornik for pointing this out).
o improved comments in nwout.c
o avoid use of sprintf for print in E-format since on Windows (at least some)
  three digits are used by default for the exponent even when two suffice.
  That messes up layout of detailed iteration report. Use Rprintf.

1.8.4

o remove unused variables in C function nleqslv.
o tests now only check if a solution has been found with a specified tolerance and avoid
  explicit floating point output.
o corrected small errors in manual.

1.8.3

o nicer output when control argument contains invalid names.
o some examples are now not run by default to avoid problems (bus error) on PowerPC Mac OS X; I cannot test.

1.8.2

o Added code to copy initial values to final values in case of bad jacobian.

1.8.1

o cleanup checking of control argument.
o modified tests/brdban.R and tests/chquad.R to be more robust against small rounding differences.

1.8

o internally scaled x-values are now used instead of scaling/unscaling of various
  vectors whenever/wherever required.
  This makes the code much cleaner and easier to maintain.
  Therefore the jacobian matrix used in the code is now scaled.
  The reported condition number will be different.

o added forgotten integer declaration in nwtcvg (nwutil.for).

o corrected documentation errors.

1.7

o negative values for stepmax (maximum stepsize) now imply no maximum stepsize.
  The default for stepmax (maximum stepsize) -1.0 so there is no maximum stepsize.

o removed the Levenberg-Marquardt correction for ill-conditioned or singular jacobians.
  The correction hardly ever gave sensible results. The algorithm now returns
  an error condition when a Jacobian is singular or ill-conditioned.

1.6.1

o fixed several incomplete last lines.

1.6

o corrected initialization bug.
o corrected parameter error for Cauchy start in examples.
o code cleaning to get rid of fortran statement labels.

1.5

o corrected missing/superfluous closing brackets in nleqlsv.Rd.

1.4

o correct horrible bug caused by typo in nwnwtn causing dgeqrf to be called
  with an absurd value for the lwork argument. Typical fortran problem.

1.3

o use blocked Lapack QR routines.
  Significant speed increase for larger n (500+) in most cases.

1.2

o corrected wrong name for the flag for checking an analytical jacobian in  nleqslv.R
  and the documentation.

1.1

o the default initial trust region size is now set to the length of the Newton step.

o corrected various errors in the documentation
  * the termination codes were a muddle.
  * several elements of the return list were incorrectly named in the documentation.

1.0

o initial version
